a banana is a fruit .
a banana is a fruit .a bear is an animal .
a banana is a fruit .a birch is a tree .
a banana is a fruit .a cod is a fish .
a banana is a fruit .a herring is a fish .
a banana is a fruit .a parrot is a bird .
a banana is a fruit .a sparrow is a bird .
a banana is a fruit .a spinach is a vegetable .
a banana is a fruit .a train is a vehicle .
a bear is an animal .
a bear is an animal .a cat is an animal .
a bear is an animal .a chisel is a tool .
a bear is an animal .a pear is a fruit .
a bear is an animal .a saw is a tool .
a bear is an animal .a silk is a fabric .
a bear is an animal .a spinach is a vegetable .
a bear is an animal .a tuna is a fish .
a bear is an animal .an owl is a bird .
a bear starts life as a cub .
a bicycle is a vehicle .
a bicycle is a vehicle .a bear is an animal .
a bicycle is a vehicle .a broccoli is a vegetable .
a bicycle is a vehicle .a chisel is a tool .
a bicycle is a vehicle .a maple is a tree .
a birch is a tree .
a birch is a tree .a cat is an animal .
a birch is a tree .a gold is a metal .
a birch is a tree .a sparrow is a bird .
a birch is a tree .a trout is a fish .
a broccoli is a vegetable .
a broccoli is a vegetable .a bear is an animal .
a broccoli is a vegetable .a drill is a tool .
a broccoli is a vegetable .a linen is a fabric .
a broccoli is a vegetable .a steel is a metal .
a broccoli is a vegetable .an eagle is a bird .
a bus is a vehicle .
a bus is a vehicle .a denim is a fabric .
a bus is a vehicle .a silver is a metal .
a cabbage is a vegetable .
a cabbage is a vegetable .a bear is an animal .
a cabbage is a vegetable .a herring is a fish .
a cabbage is a vegetable .a van is a vehicle .
a cabbage is a vegetable .an iron is a metal .
a cabbage is a vegetable .an oak is a tree .
a cabbage is a vegetable .an onion is a vegetable .
a calf grows into a cow .
a calf grows into a cow .a chick grows into a hen .
a calf grows into a cow .a duckling grows into a duck .
a calf grows into a cow .a foal grows into a horse .
a calf grows into a cow .a kid grows into a goat .
a calf grows into a cow .a lamb grows into a sheep .
a calf grows into a cow .a piglet grows into a pig .
a calf is a young cow .
a car is a vehicle .
a car is a vehicle .a cat is an animal .
a car is a vehicle .a cedar is a tree .
a car is a vehicle .a chisel is a tool .
a car is a vehicle .a crow is a bird .
a car is a vehicle .a drill is a tool .
a car is a vehicle .a linen is a fabric .
a car is a vehicle .a pear is a fruit .
a car is a vehicle .a spinach is a vegetable .
a car is a vehicle .a train is a vehicle .
a car is a vehicle .a van is a vehicle .
a cat is an animal .
a cat is an animal .a bicycle is a vehicle .
a cat is an animal .a drill is a tool .
a cat is an animal .a sheep is an animal .
a cat is an animal .a train is a vehicle .
a cat is an animal .an onion is a vegetable .
a cat starts life as a kitten .
a cedar is a tree .
a cedar is a tree .a cod is a fish .
a cherry is a fruit .
a cherry is a fruit .a cedar is a tree .
a cherry is a fruit .a chisel is a tool .
a cherry is a fruit .a crow is a bird .
a cherry is a fruit .a gold is a metal .
a cherry is a fruit .a horse is an animal .
a cherry is a fruit .a linen is a fabric .
a cherry is a fruit .a silk is a fabric .
a cherry is a fruit .a tuna is a fish .
a chick grows into a hen .
a chick grows into a hen .a calf grows into a cow .
a chick grows into a hen .a cub grows into a bear .
a chick grows into a hen .a duckling grows into a duck .
a chick grows into a hen .a foal grows into a horse .
a chick grows into a hen .a piglet grows into a pig .
a chick is a young hen .
a chisel is a tool .
a chisel is a tool .a banana is a fruit .
a chisel is a tool .a bus is a vehicle .
a chisel is a tool .a cabbage is a vegetable .
a chisel is a tool .a copper is a metal .
a chisel is a tool .a denim is a fabric .
a chisel is a tool .a gold is a metal .
a chisel is a tool .a pig is an animal .
a chisel is a tool .a sheep is an animal .
a chisel is a tool .a trout is a fish .
a chisel is a tool .an iron is a metal .
a cod is a fish .
a cod is a fish .a birch is a tree .
a cod is a fish .a broccoli is a vegetable .
a cod is a fish .a chisel is a tool .
a cod is a fish .a cotton is a fabric .
a cod is a fish .a denim is a fabric .
a cod is a fish .a potato is a vegetable .
a cod is a fish .a steel is a metal .
a copper is a metal .
a copper is a metal .a cod is a fish .
a copper is a metal .a dog is an animal .
a copper is a metal .a gold is a metal .
a copper is a metal .an orange is a fruit .
a cotton is a fabric .
a cotton is a fabric .a broccoli is a vegetable .
a cotton is a fabric .a horse is an animal .
a cotton is a fabric .a silk is a fabric .
a cotton is a fabric .a silver is a metal .
a cotton is a fabric .an oak is a tree .
a cow is an animal .
a cow is an animal .a cabbage is a vegetable .
a cow is an animal .a chisel is a tool .
a cow is an animal .a hammer is a tool .
a cow is an animal .a herring is a fish .
a cow is an animal .a silk is a fabric .
a cow is an animal .a train is a vehicle .
a cow is an animal .an onion is a vegetable .
a cow is an animal .an orange is a fruit .
a cow starts life as a calf .
a crow is a bird .
a crow is a bird .a bicycle is a vehicle .
a crow is a bird .a cedar is a tree .
a crow is a bird .a hammer is a tool .
a crow is a bird .a mango is a fruit .
a crow is a bird .a maple is a tree .
a crow is a bird .a potato is a vegetable .
a crow is a bird .a taxi is a vehicle .
a crow is a bird .a wool is a fabric .
a crow is a bird .an onion is a vegetable .
a cub grows into a bear .
a cub grows into a bear .a calf grows into a cow .
a cub grows into a bear .a kid grows into a goat .
a cub is a young bear .
a denim is a fabric .
a denim is a fabric .a duck is a bird .
a denim is a fabric .a shark is a fish .
a denim is a fabric .an eagle is a bird .
a dog is an animal .
a dog is an animal .a cod is a fish .
a dog is an animal .a hen is a bird .
a dog starts life as a puppy .
a drill is a tool .
a drill is a tool .a bus is a vehicle .
a drill is a tool .a cedar is a tree .
a drill is a tool .a horse is an animal .
a duck is a bird .
a duck is a bird .a car is a vehicle .
a duck is a bird .a chisel is a tool .
a duck is a bird .a gold is a metal .
a duck is a bird .a mango is a fruit .
a duck is a bird .a parrot is a bird .
a duck is a bird .an owl is a bird .
a duck starts life as a duckling .
a duckling grows into a duck .
a duckling grows into a duck .a calf grows into a cow .
a duckling grows into a duck .a chick grows into a hen .
a duckling grows into a duck .a cub grows into a bear .
a duckling grows into a duck .a foal grows into a horse .
a duckling grows into a duck .a kid grows into a goat .
a duckling grows into a duck .a piglet grows into a pig .
a duckling is a young duck .
a foal grows into a horse .
a foal grows into a horse .a calf grows into a cow .
a foal grows into a horse .a chick grows into a hen .
a foal grows into a horse .a cub grows into a bear .
a foal grows into a horse .a duckling grows into a duck .
a foal grows into a horse .a kid grows into a goat .
a foal grows into a horse .a lamb grows into a sheep .
a foal grows into a horse .a piglet grows into a pig .
a foal is a young horse .
a goat is an animal .
a goat is an animal .a car is a vehicle .
a goat is an animal .a cat is an animal .
a goat is an animal .a chisel is a tool .
a goat is an animal .a peach is a fruit .
a goat is an animal .a potato is a vegetable .
a goat is an animal .a sheep is an animal .
a goat is an animal .a silver is a metal .
a goat is an animal .a tuna is a fish .
a goat is an animal .a wool is a fabric .
a goat starts life as a kid .
a gold is a metal .
a gold is a metal .a birch is a tree .
a gold is a metal .a broccoli is a vegetable .
a gold is a metal .a hen is a bird .
a gold is a metal .a horse is an animal .
a grape is a fruit .
a grape is a fruit .a birch is a tree .
a grape is a fruit .a cod is a fish .
a grape is a fruit .a cow is an animal .
a grape is a fruit .a hen is a bird .
a grape is a fruit .a maple is a tree .
a grape is a fruit .an orange is a fruit .
a hammer is a tool .
a hammer is a tool .a chisel is a tool .
a hammer is a tool .a denim is a fabric .
a hammer is a tool .a pine is a tree .
a hammer is a tool .a potato is a vegetable .
a hammer is a tool .a train is a vehicle .
a hammer is a tool .a trout is a fish .
a hammer is a tool .a van is a vehicle .
a hen is a bird .
a hen is a bird .a birch is a tree .
a hen is a bird .a cotton is a fabric .
a hen is a bird .a goat is an animal .
a hen is a bird .a horse is an animal .
a hen starts life as a chick .
a herring is a fish .
a herring is a fish .a gold is a metal .
a herring is a fish .a spinach is a vegetable .
a horse is an animal .
a horse is an animal .a bus is a vehicle .
a horse is an animal .a car is a vehicle .
a horse is an animal .a goat is an animal .
a horse is an animal .a sheep is an animal .
a horse is an animal .a van is a vehicle .
a horse starts life as a foal .
a kid grows into a goat .
a kid grows into a goat .a calf grows into a cow .
a kid grows into a goat .a chick grows into a hen .
a kid grows into a goat .a cub grows into a bear .
a kid grows into a goat .a duckling grows into a duck .
a kid grows into a goat .a foal grows into a horse .
a kid grows into a goat .a lamb grows into a sheep .
a kid grows into a goat .a piglet grows into a pig .
a kid is a young goat .
a kitten is a young cat .
a lamb grows into a sheep .
a lamb grows into a sheep .a calf grows into a cow .
a lamb grows into a sheep .a cub grows into a bear .
a lamb grows into a sheep .a piglet grows into a pig .
a lamb is a young sheep .
a linen is a fabric .
a linen is a fabric .a chisel is a tool .
a linen is a fabric .a cod is a fish .
a linen is a fabric .a trout is a fish .
a mango is a fruit .
a mango is a fruit .a banana is a fruit .
a mango is a fruit .a bear is an animal .
a mango is a fruit .a cabbage is a vegetable .
a mango is a fruit .a hammer is a tool .
a mango is a fruit .a hen is a bird .
a mango is a fruit .a saw is a tool .
a mango is a fruit .a taxi is a vehicle .
a mango is a fruit .a wool is a fabric .
a mango is a fruit .an orange is a fruit .
a maple is a tree .
a maple is a tree .a birch is a tree .
a maple is a tree .a copper is a metal .
a maple is a tree .a dog is an animal .
a maple is a tree .a mango is a fruit .
a maple is a tree .a pine is a tree .
a maple is a tree .a sheep is an animal .
a parrot is a bird .
a parrot is a bird .a bicycle is a vehicle .
a parrot is a bird .a birch is a tree .
a parrot is a bird .a cow is an animal .
a parrot is a bird .a gold is a metal .
a parrot is a bird .a potato is a vegetable .
a parrot is a bird .a silk is a fabric .
a peach is a fruit .
a peach is a fruit .a banana is a fruit .
a peach is a fruit .a birch is a tree .
a peach is a fruit .a crow is a bird .
a peach is a fruit .a dog is an animal .
a peach is a fruit .a herring is a fish .
a peach is a fruit .a linen is a fabric .
a peach is a fruit .a parrot is a bird .
a pear is a fruit .
a pear is a fruit .a cow is an animal .
a pear is a fruit .a pig is an animal .
a pear is a fruit .a trout is a fish .
a pear is a fruit .an oak is a tree .
a pig is an animal .
a pig is an animal .a cat is an animal .
a pig is an animal .a cherry is a fruit .
a pig is an animal .a crow is a bird .
a pig is an animal .a duck is a bird .
a pig is an animal .a steel is a metal .
a pig is an animal .an orange is a fruit .
a pig starts life as a piglet .
a piglet grows into a pig .
a piglet grows into a pig .a calf grows into a cow .
a piglet grows into a pig .a chick grows into a hen .
a piglet grows into a pig .a kid grows into a goat .
a piglet grows into a pig .a lamb grows into a sheep .
a piglet is a young pig .
a pine is a tree .
a pine is a tree .a bear is an animal .
a pine is a tree .a broccoli is a vegetable .
a pine is a tree .a copper is a metal .
a pine is a tree .a horse is an animal .
a pine is a tree .a linen is a fabric .
a pine is a tree .a sheep is an animal .
a pine is a tree .a wrench is a tool .
a pine is a tree .an onion is a vegetable .
a potato is a vegetable .
a potato is a vegetable .a bear is an animal .
a potato is a vegetable .a cat is an animal .
a potato is a vegetable .a cedar is a tree .
a potato is a vegetable .a cherry is a fruit .
a potato is a vegetable .a hammer is a tool .
a potato is a vegetable .a linen is a fabric .
a potato is a vegetable .a wrench is a tool .
a potato is a vegetable .an orange is a fruit .
a puppy is a young dog .
a saw is a tool .
a saw is a tool .a denim is a fabric .
a saw is a tool .a gold is a metal .
a saw is a tool .a hammer is a tool .
a saw is a tool .a pine is a tree .
a saw is a tool .a sparrow is a bird .
a shark is a fish .
a shark is a fish .a bicycle is a vehicle .
a shark is a fish .a cherry is a fruit .
a shark is a fish .a cod is a fish .
a shark is a fish .a tuna is a fish .
a sheep is an animal .
a sheep is an animal .a cotton is a fabric .
a sheep is an animal .a cow is an animal .
a sheep is an animal .a drill is a tool .
a sheep is an animal .a hen is a bird .
a sheep is an animal .a parrot is a bird .
a sheep is an animal .a train is a vehicle .
a sheep starts life as a lamb .
a silk is a fabric .
a silk is a fabric .a chisel is a tool .
a silk is a fabric .a copper is a metal .
a silk is a fabric .a grape is a fruit .
a silk is a fabric .a hen is a bird .
a silk is a fabric .a linen is a fabric .
a silk is a fabric .a parrot is a bird .
a silk is a fabric .a tuna is a fish .
a silver is a metal .
a silver is a metal .a drill is a tool .
a silver is a metal .a duck is a bird .
a silver is a metal .a hammer is a tool .
a silver is a metal .a shark is a fish .
a silver is a metal .a spinach is a vegetable .
a silver is a metal .a taxi is a vehicle .
a sparrow is a bird .
a sparrow is a bird .a banana is a fruit .
a sparrow is a bird .a crow is a bird .
a sparrow is a bird .a denim is a fabric .
a sparrow is a bird .a horse is an animal .
a sparrow is a bird .a parrot is a bird .
a sparrow is a bird .a wrench is a tool .
a sparrow is a bird .an onion is a vegetable .
a spinach is a vegetable .
a spinach is a vegetable .a chisel is a tool .
a spinach is a vegetable .a cotton is a fabric .
a spinach is a vegetable .a drill is a tool .
a spinach is a vegetable .a saw is a tool .
a spinach is a vegetable .a silk is a fabric .
a spinach is a vegetable .an iron is a metal .
a steel is a metal .
a steel is a metal .a bicycle is a vehicle .
a steel is a metal .a herring is a fish .
a steel is a metal .a pine is a tree .
a steel is a metal .a shark is a fish .
a steel is a metal .a spinach is a vegetable .
a taxi is a vehicle .
a taxi is a vehicle .a crow is a bird .
a taxi is a vehicle .a horse is an animal .
a taxi is a vehicle .a maple is a tree .
a taxi is a vehicle .a pig is an animal .
a train is a vehicle .
a train is a vehicle .a bear is an animal .
a train is a vehicle .a cod is a fish .
a train is a vehicle .a herring is a fish .
a train is a vehicle .a trout is a fish .
a train is a vehicle .an owl is a bird .
a trout is a fish .
a trout is a fish .a cherry is a fruit .
a trout is a fish .a maple is a tree .
a trout is a fish .a pig is an animal .
a trout is a fish .a tuna is a fish .
a trout is a fish .an owl is a bird .
a truck is a vehicle .
a truck is a vehicle .a birch is a tree .
a truck is a vehicle .a drill is a tool .
a truck is a vehicle .a trout is a fish .
a tuna is a fish .
a tuna is a fish .a cotton is a fabric .
a tuna is a fish .a gold is a metal .
a tuna is a fish .a sparrow is a bird .
a tuna is a fish .a trout is a fish .
a van is a vehicle .
a van is a vehicle .a copper is a metal .
a van is a vehicle .a maple is a tree .
a van is a vehicle .a pine is a tree .
a van is a vehicle .a trout is a fish .
a van is a vehicle .an iron is a metal .
a wool is a fabric .
a wool is a fabric .a bear is an animal .
a wool is a fabric .a car is a vehicle .
a wool is a fabric .a copper is a metal .
a wool is a fabric .a cow is an animal .
a wool is a fabric .a pine is a tree .
a wool is a fabric .a sheep is an animal .
a wool is a fabric .a spinach is a vegetable .
a wool is a fabric .a steel is a metal .
a wool is a fabric .a wrench is a tool .
a wrench is a tool .
a wrench is a tool .a broccoli is a vegetable .
a wrench is a tool .a cat is an animal .
a wrench is a tool .a cod is a fish .
a wrench is a tool .a goat is an animal .
a wrench is a tool .a gold is a metal .
a wrench is a tool .a grape is a fruit .
a wrench is a tool .a potato is a vegetable .
a wrench is a tool .a van is a vehicle .
a wrench is a tool .an oak is a tree .
a young bear is called a cub .
a young cat is called a kitten .
a young cow is called a calf .
a young dog is called a puppy .
a young duck is called a duckling .
a young goat is called a kid .
a young hen is called a chick .
a young horse is called a foal .
a young pig is called a piglet .
a young sheep is called a lamb .
an eagle is a bird .
an eagle is a bird .a car is a vehicle .
an eagle is a bird .a denim is a fabric .
an eagle is a bird .a horse is an animal .
an eagle is a bird .a mango is a fruit .
an eagle is a bird .a saw is a tool .
an eagle is a bird .a trout is a fish .
an iron is a metal .
an iron is a metal .a cabbage is a vegetable .
an iron is a metal .a chisel is a tool .
an iron is a metal .a mango is a fruit .
an iron is a metal .a parrot is a bird .
an iron is a metal .a pear is a fruit .
an iron is a metal .a trout is a fish .
an iron is a metal .a wool is a fabric .
an oak is a tree .
an oak is a tree .a cotton is a fabric .
an oak is a tree .a linen is a fabric .
an oak is a tree .an iron is a metal .
an onion is a vegetable .
an onion is a vegetable .a broccoli is a vegetable .
an onion is a vegetable .a bus is a vehicle .
an onion is a vegetable .a cat is an animal .
an onion is a vegetable .a cod is a fish .
an onion is a vegetable .a copper is a metal .
an onion is a vegetable .a herring is a fish .
an onion is a vegetable .a mango is a fruit .
an onion is a vegetable .a maple is a tree .
an onion is a vegetable .a pear is a fruit .
an onion is a vegetable .a pine is a tree .
an onion is a vegetable .a potato is a vegetable .
an onion is a vegetable .a sheep is an animal .
an onion is a vegetable .a sparrow is a bird .
an onion is a vegetable .an eagle is a bird .
an onion is a vegetable .an owl is a bird .
an orange is a fruit .
an orange is a fruit .a denim is a fabric .
an orange is a fruit .a horse is an animal .
an orange is a fruit .a pig is an animal .
an orange is a fruit .a shark is a fish .
an orange is a fruit .a silk is a fabric .
an owl is a bird .
an owl is a bird .a broccoli is a vegetable .
an owl is a bird .a cow is an animal .
an owl is a bird .a drill is a tool .
an owl is a bird .a goat is an animal .
an owl is a bird .a parrot is a bird .
an owl is a bird .a pine is a tree .
an owl is a bird .a potato is a vegetable .
an owl is a bird .an iron is a metal .
apple belongs to the fruit group .
banana belongs to the fruit group .
bear belongs to the animal group .
bicycle belongs to the vehicle group .
birch belongs to the tree group .
broccoli belongs to the vegetable group .
bus belongs to the vehicle group .
cabbage belongs to the vegetable group .
car belongs to the vehicle group .
carrot belongs to the vegetable group .
cat belongs to the animal group .
cedar belongs to the tree group .
cherry belongs to the fruit group .
chisel belongs to the tool group .
cod belongs to the fish group .
copper belongs to the metal group .
cotton belongs to the fabric group .
cow belongs to the animal group .
crow belongs to the bird group .
denim belongs to the fabric group .
dog belongs to the animal group .
drill belongs to the tool group .
duck belongs to the bird group .
eagle belongs to the bird group .
every apple is one type of fruit .
every banana is one type of fruit .
every bear is one type of animal .
every bicycle is one type of vehicle .
every birch is one type of tree .
every broccoli is one type of vegetable .
every bus is one type of vehicle .
every cabbage is one type of vegetable .
every car is one type of vehicle .
every carrot is one type of vegetable .
every cat is one type of animal .
every cedar is one type of tree .
every cherry is one type of fruit .
every chisel is one type of tool .
every cod is one type of fish .
every copper is one type of metal .
every cotton is one type of fabric .
every cow is one type of animal .
every crow is one type of bird .
every denim is one type of fabric .
every dog is one type of animal .
every drill is one type of tool .
every duck is one type of bird .
every eagle is one type of bird .
every goat is one type of animal .
every gold is one type of metal .
every grape is one type of fruit .
every hammer is one type of tool .
every hen is one type of bird .
every herring is one type of fish .
every horse is one type of animal .
every iron is one type of metal .
every linen is one type of fabric .
every mango is one type of fruit .
every maple is one type of tree .
every oak is one type of tree .
every onion is one type of vegetable .
every orange is one type of fruit .
every owl is one type of bird .
every parrot is one type of bird .
every peach is one type of fruit .
every pear is one type of fruit .
every pig is one type of animal .
every pine is one type of tree .
every potato is one type of vegetable .
every robin is one type of bird .
every salmon is one type of fish .
every saw is one type of tool .
every shark is one type of fish .
every sheep is one type of animal .
every silk is one type of fabric .
every silver is one type of metal .
every sparrow is one type of bird .
every spinach is one type of vegetable .
every steel is one type of metal .
every taxi is one type of vehicle .
every train is one type of vehicle .
every trout is one type of fish .
every truck is one type of vehicle .
every tuna is one type of fish .
every van is one type of vehicle .
every wool is one type of fabric .
every wrench is one type of tool .
goat belongs to the animal group .
gold belongs to the metal group .
grape belongs to the fruit group .
hammer belongs to the tool group .
hen belongs to the bird group .
herring belongs to the fish group .
horse belongs to the animal group .
iron belongs to the metal group .
linen belongs to the fabric group .
mango belongs to the fruit group .
maple belongs to the tree group .
oak belongs to the tree group .
onion belongs to the vegetable group .
orange belongs to the fruit group .
owl belongs to the bird group .
parrot belongs to the bird group .
peach belongs to the fruit group .
pear belongs to the fruit group .
pig belongs to the animal group .
pine belongs to the tree group .
potato belongs to the vegetable group .
robin belongs to the bird group .
salmon belongs to the fish group .
saw belongs to the tool group .
shark belongs to the fish group .
sheep belongs to the animal group .
silk belongs to the fabric group .
silver belongs to the metal group .
sparrow belongs to the bird group .
spinach belongs to the vegetable group .
steel belongs to the metal group .
taxi belongs to the vehicle group .
the apple and the banana are both fruits .
the apple and the cherry are both fruits .
the apple and the grape are both fruits .
the apple and the mango are both fruits .
the apple and the orange are both fruits .
the apple and the peach are both fruits .
the apple and the pear are both fruits .
the apple is a kind of fruit .
the banana and the cherry are both fruits .
the banana and the grape are both fruits .
the banana and the mango are both fruits .
the banana and the orange are both fruits .
the banana and the peach are both fruits .
the banana and the pear are both fruits .
the banana is a kind of fruit .
the bear is a kind of animal .
the bicycle and the van are both vehicles .
the bicycle is a kind of vehicle .
the birch and the cedar are both trees .
the birch is a kind of tree .
the broccoli and the cabbage are both vegetables .
the broccoli and the onion are both vegetables .
the broccoli and the potato are both vegetables .
the broccoli and the spinach are both vegetables .
the broccoli is a kind of vegetable .
the bus and the bicycle are both vehicles .
the bus and the taxi are both vehicles .
the bus and the train are both vehicles .
the bus and the truck are both vehicles .
the bus and the van are both vehicles .
the bus is a kind of vehicle .
the cabbage is a kind of vegetable .
the calf will become a cow one day .
the car and the bicycle are both vehicles .
the car and the bus are both vehicles .
the car and the taxi are both vehicles .
the car and the train are both vehicles .
the car and the truck are both vehicles .
the car and the van are both vehicles .
the car is a kind of vehicle .
the carrot and the broccoli are both vegetables .
the carrot and the cabbage are both vegetables .
the carrot and the onion are both vegetables .
the carrot and the potato are both vegetables .
the carrot and the spinach are both vegetables .
the carrot is a kind of vegetable .
the cat and the bear are both animals .
the cat and the cow are both animals .
the cat and the goat are both animals .
the cat and the horse are both animals .
the cat and the pig are both animals .
the cat and the sheep are both animals .
the cat is a kind of animal .
the cedar is a kind of tree .
the cherry is a kind of fruit .
the chick will become a hen one day .
the chisel is a kind of tool .
the cod and the herring are both fish .
the cod is a kind of fish .
the copper and the gold are both metals .
the copper and the silver are both metals .
the copper and the steel are both metals .
the copper is a kind of metal .
the cotton and the denim are both fabrics .
the cotton and the linen are both fabrics .
the cotton and the silk are both fabrics .
the cotton and the wool are both fabrics .
the cotton is a kind of fabric .
the cow and the bear are both animals .
the cow and the pig are both animals .
the cow and the sheep are both animals .
the cow is a kind of animal .
the crow and the duck are both birds .
the crow and the hen are both birds .
the crow and the parrot are both birds .
the crow is a kind of bird .
the cub will become a bear one day .
the denim is a kind of fabric .
the dog and the bear are both animals .
the dog and the cat are both animals .
the dog and the cow are both animals .
the dog and the goat are both animals .
the dog and the horse are both animals .
the dog and the pig are both animals .
the dog and the sheep are both animals .
the dog is a kind of animal .
the drill and the chisel are both tools .
the drill is a kind of tool .
the duck and the hen are both birds .
the duck is a kind of bird .
the duckling will become a duck one day .
the eagle and the crow are both birds .
the eagle and the duck are both birds .
the eagle and the hen are both birds .
the eagle and the owl are both birds .
the eagle and the parrot are both birds .
the eagle is a kind of bird .
the foal will become a horse one day .
the goat and the bear are both animals .
the goat and the cow are both animals .
the goat and the pig are both animals .
the goat and the sheep are both animals .
the goat is a kind of animal .
the gold and the silver are both metals .
the gold and the steel are both metals .
the gold is a kind of metal .
the grape and the cherry are both fruits .
the grape is a kind of fruit .
the hammer and the chisel are both tools .
the hammer and the drill are both tools .
the hammer and the saw are both tools .
the hammer and the wrench are both tools .
the hammer is a kind of tool .
the hen is a kind of bird .
the herring is a kind of fish .
the horse and the bear are both animals .
the horse and the cow are both animals .
the horse and the goat are both animals .
the horse and the pig are both animals .
the horse and the sheep are both animals .
the horse is a kind of animal .
the iron and the copper are both metals .
the iron and the gold are both metals .
the iron and the silver are both metals .
the iron and the steel are both metals .
the iron is a kind of metal .
the kid will become a goat one day .
the kitten will become a cat one day .
the lamb will become a sheep one day .
the linen and the denim are both fabrics .
the linen is a kind of fabric .
the mango and the cherry are both fruits .
the mango and the grape are both fruits .
the mango is a kind of fruit .
the maple and the birch are both trees .
the maple and the cedar are both trees .
the maple is a kind of tree .
the oak and the birch are both trees .
the oak and the cedar are both trees .
the oak and the maple are both trees .
the oak and the pine are both trees .
the oak is a kind of tree .
the onion and the cabbage are both vegetables .
the onion and the potato are both vegetables .
the onion and the spinach are both vegetables .
the onion is a kind of vegetable .
the orange and the cherry are both fruits .
the orange and the grape are both fruits .
the orange and the mango are both fruits .
the orange and the peach are both fruits .
the orange and the pear are both fruits .
the orange is a kind of fruit .
the owl and the crow are both birds .
the owl and the duck are both birds .
the owl and the hen are both birds .
the owl and the parrot are both birds .
the owl is a kind of bird .
the parrot and the duck are both birds .
the parrot and the hen are both birds .
the parrot is a kind of bird .
the peach and the cherry are both fruits .
the peach and the grape are both fruits .
the peach and the mango are both fruits .
the peach is a kind of fruit .
the pear and the cherry are both fruits .
the pear and the grape are both fruits .
the pear and the mango are both fruits .
the pear and the peach are both fruits .
the pear is a kind of fruit .
the pig and the bear are both animals .
the pig is a kind of animal .
the piglet will become a pig one day .
the pine and the birch are both trees .
the pine and the cedar are both trees .
the pine and the maple are both trees .
the pine is a kind of tree .
the potato and the cabbage are both vegetables .
the potato and the spinach are both vegetables .
the potato is a kind of vegetable .
the puppy will become a dog one day .
the robin and the crow are both birds .
the robin and the duck are both birds .
the robin and the eagle are both birds .
the robin and the hen are both birds .
the robin and the owl are both birds .
the robin and the parrot are both birds .
the robin is a kind of bird .
the salmon and the cod are both fish .
the salmon and the herring are both fish .
the salmon and the shark are both fish .
the salmon and the tuna are both fish .
the salmon is a kind of fish .
the saw and the chisel are both tools .
the saw and the drill are both tools .
the saw and the wrench are both tools .
the saw is a kind of tool .
the shark and the cod are both fish .
the shark and the herring are both fish .
the shark is a kind of fish .
the sheep and the bear are both animals .
the sheep and the pig are both animals .
the sheep is a kind of animal .
the silk and the denim are both fabrics .
the silk and the linen are both fabrics .
the silk and the wool are both fabrics .
the silk is a kind of fabric .
the silver and the steel are both metals .
the silver is a kind of metal .
the sparrow and the crow are both birds .
the sparrow and the duck are both birds .
the sparrow and the eagle are both birds .
the sparrow and the hen are both birds .
the sparrow and the owl are both birds .
the sparrow and the parrot are both birds .
the sparrow and the robin are both birds .
the sparrow is a kind of bird .
the spinach and the cabbage are both vegetables .
the spinach is a kind of vegetable .
the steel is a kind of metal .
the taxi and the bicycle are both vehicles .
the taxi and the van are both vehicles .
the taxi is a kind of vehicle .
the train and the bicycle are both vehicles .
the train and the taxi are both vehicles .
the train and the truck are both vehicles .
the train and the van are both vehicles .
the train is a kind of vehicle .
the trout and the cod are both fish .
the trout and the herring are both fish .
the trout and the salmon are both fish .
the trout and the shark are both fish .
the trout and the tuna are both fish .
the trout is a kind of fish .
the truck and the bicycle are both vehicles .
the truck and the taxi are both vehicles .
the truck and the van are both vehicles .
the truck is a kind of vehicle .
the tuna and the cod are both fish .
the tuna and the herring are both fish .
the tuna and the shark are both fish .
the tuna is a kind of fish .
the van is a kind of vehicle .
the wool and the denim are both fabrics .
the wool and the linen are both fabrics .
the wool is a kind of fabric .
the wrench and the chisel are both tools .
the wrench and the drill are both tools .
the wrench is a kind of tool .
train belongs to the vehicle group .
trout belongs to the fish group .
truck belongs to the vehicle group .
tuna belongs to the fish group .
van belongs to the vehicle group .
wool belongs to the fabric group .
wrench belongs to the tool group .
